Achim Gaedke <achim.gaedke@gmail.com> for bug report.

Alexandre Oliva <oliva@lsd.ic.unicamp.br> for bug report.

Andre Girard <andre@inrs-emt.uquebec.ca> for bug report.

Andrew Hamilton-Wright <andrewhw@ieee.org> for bug report.

Andrew Hood <ajhood@fl.net.au> for bug report.

Anne-Laurence Putz <anne-laurence.putz@eurodecision.com> for bug
report.

Anton Voropaev <anton.n.voropaev@gmail.com> for bug and typo report.

Axel Simon <Axel.Simon@ens.fr> for bug report.

Balaco Baco <balacobaco@imap.cc> for bug report.

Bernhard Schmidt <schmidt@math.uni-augsburg.de> for bug report.

Boris Wirtz <Boris.Wirtz@uni-oldenburg.de> for bug report.

Brady Hunsaker <hunsaker@engr.pitt.edu> for contribution of a routine
for bounds sensitivity analysis.

Brady Hunsaker <hunsaker@engr.pitt.edu> for some suggestions concerning
MIP routines.

Brian Gladman <brg@gladman.plus.com> for suggestion.

Cameron Kellough <Cameron.Kellough@sri.com> for bug report.

Carlo Baldassi <carlobaldassi@gmail.com> for bug report.

Cedric[FR] <fox2113@wanadoo.fr> for bug report.

Charles Brixko <charles.brixko@voo.be> for bug report.

Chris Matrakidis <cmatraki@gmail.com> for contribution of a patch that
implements the tan function in MathProg.

Chris Matrakidis <cmatraki@gmail.com> for numerous useful suggestions,
contributions, and patches.

Chris Rosebrugh <cpr@pobox.com> for contribution of a new version of
GLPK JNI (Java Native Interface).

Christophe Caron <caron@diamant.jouy.inra.fr> for bug report.

David Monniaux <david.monniaux@imag.fr> for some suggestions.

David Monniaux <David.Monniaux@univ-grenoble-alpes.fr> for bug report.

David T. Price <dtprice@speakeasy.net> for bug report.

Dennis Schridde <devurandom@gmx.net> for bug report.

Enric Rodriguez <erodri@lsi.upc.edu> for bug report.

Flavio Keidi Miyazawa <fkm@ic.unicamp.br> for bug report.

Gabriel Hackebeil <gabehack@gmail.com> for bug report.

Giles Thompson <gwpt1@cus.cam.ac.uk> for bug report.

Giorgio Sartor <0gioker0@gmail.com> for contribution of routines that
implement the proximity search heuristic for MIP.

Graham Rockwell <bionomicron@gmail.com> for bug report.

Hans Schwengeler <Hans.Schwengeler@unibas.ch> for bug report.

Harley Mackenzie <hjm@bigpond.com> for contribution of GLPK FAQ.

Dr. Harley Mackenzie <hjm@hardsoftware.com> for two example MathProg
models (curve fitting problem).

Heinrich Schuchardt <heinrich.schuchardt@gmx.de> for contribution of
makefiles and testing the package under 64-bit Windows.

Heinrich Schuchardt <heinrich.schuchardt@gmx.de> for contribution of
two MathProg table drivers for iODBC and MySQL.

Heinrich Schuchardt <heinrich.schuchardt@gmx.de> for some patches for
the MathProg translator.

Heinrich Schuchardt <xypron.glpk@gmx.de> for testing the package on
32- and 64-bit MS Windows platforms.

Ivan Luzzi <iluzzi@libero.it> for comments concerning CPLEX LP format.

Ivo van Baren <i.van.baren@freeler.nl> for contribution of GLPK DELI
(Delphi Interface).

Jan Engelhardt <jengelh@inai.de> for some suggestions.

Jeffrey Kantor <Kantor.1@nd.edu> for reporting typos in the MathProg
language reference.

Jeroen Demeyer <jdemeyer@cage.ugent.be> for suggestion.

Jeroen Demeyer <jdemeyer@cage.ugent.be> for bug report.

Jiri Spitz <jiri.spitz@telecom.cz> for bug report.

Joao Flavio de Freitas Almeida <joao.flavio@dep.ufmg.br> for
translation of the document "Modeling Language GNU MathProg" to
Brazilian Portuguese (pt-BR).

Joey Rios <joeylrios@hotmail.com> for some suggestions.

Jonathan Senning <Jonathan.Senning@gordon.edu> for bug report.

Karel Zimmermann <kzimm@diamant.jouy.inra.fr> for bug report.

Kelly Westbrooks <kellywestbrooks@yahoo.com> for suggestions.

Kendall Demaree <kendal.demaree@verizon.net> for bug report.

Kjell Eikland <kjell.eikland@broadpark.no> for bug report.

Larry D'Agostino <Larry.D'Agostino@gmacrescap.com> for example model in
MathProg.

Luiz Bettoni <bettoni@cpgei.ct.utfpr.edu.br> for some suggestions.

Marco Atzeri <marco.atzeri@gmail.com> for bug report.

Marco Atzeri <marco_atzeri@yahoo.it> for bug report.

Mark Meketon <Marc.Meketon@oliverwyman.com> for bug report.

Markus Pilz <pilz@cs.uni-bonn.de> for bug report.

Martin Jacob <mj@bahntechnik.de> for bug report.

Mike Appleby <mike@app.leby.org> for example model in MathProg.

Minh Ha Duong <haduong@centre-cired.fr> for fixing doc typos.

Morten Welinder <terra@diku.dk> for bug report.

Morten Welinder <terra@gnu.org> for bug report.

Nelson H. F. Beebe <beebe@math.utah.edu> for bug report.

Nicolo Giorgetti <giorgetti@dii.unisi.it> for contribution of GLPKMEX,
a Matlab MEX interface.

Niels Klitgord <niels@bu.edu> for bug report.

Nigel Galloway <Nigel_Galloway@operamail.com> for an example MathProg
model.

Nigel Galloway <Nigel_Galloway@operamail.com> for an example program
in C#.

Nigel Galloway <nigel_galloway@operamail.com> for bug report.

Nigel Galloway <nigel_galloway@operamail.com> for example models in
MathProg.

Noli Sicad <nsicad@gmail.com> for testing glpk under Mac OS.

Noli Sicad <nsicad@gmail.com> for example model in MathProg.

Olivier <odwl@skynet.be> for bug report.

Oscar Gustafsson <oscarg@isy.liu.se> for contribution of a routine to
write data in OPB (pseudo boolean) format.

Pablo Yapura <ypf@agro.unlp.edu.ar> for translation of the document
"Modeling Language GNU MathProg" to Spanish.

Pedro P. Wong <d00604@taipower.com.tw> for bug report.

Peter T. Breuer <ptb@inv.it.uc3m.es> for bug report.

Peter A. Huegler <phuegler@bsco.com> for bug report.

Peter Ingerfeld <peter.ingerfeld@mops-optimizer.com> for bug report.

Peter Lee <plee@kinggee.com.au> for example LP model and bug report.

Peter Naszvadi <vuk@cs.elte.hu> for example models in MathProg.

Pietro Scionti <pietro.scionti@archinet.it> for report typos found in
the reference manual.

Rafael Laboissiere <rafael@debian.org> for useful advices concerning
shared library support under GNU/Linux.

Raniere Gaia Costa da Silva for bug report.

Remy Roy <remyroyster@gmail.com> for bug report.

Rob Schroeder <Rob.Schroeder@graphicpkg.com> for bug report.

Robbie Morrison <robbie@actrix.co.nz> for correcting the glpk manual.

Robert Wood <rgwood01@cox.net> for example model in MathProg.

Roberto Bagnara <bagnara@cs.unipr.it> (Department of Mathematics,
University of Parma, Italy) for bug report.

Sami Farin <sfarin@ratol.fi> for bug report.

Sebastian Nowozin <nowozin@gmail.com> for example models in MathProg.

Sebastien Briais <sbriais@free.fr> for bug report.

Sebastien de Menten <sdementen@hotmail.com> for bug report.

Sebastien Villemot <sebastien@debian.org> for bug report.

Stefan Vigerske <stefan@math.hu-berlin.de> for bug report.

Stefan Vigerske <stefan@vigerske.de> for bug report.

Sylvain Fournier for bug report.

Thomas Kahle <tom111@gmx.de> for some suggestions.

Uday Venkatadri <Uday.Venkatadri@dal.ca> for bug report.

Vijay Patil <vijay.patil@gmail.com> for testing the package under
Windows XP.

Vlahos Kiriakos <Kiriakos.Vlahos@gs.com> for bug report.

Xypron <xypron.glpk@gmx.de> for bug fixing and some improvments in the
FPUMP module.

Xypron <xypron.glpk@gmx.de> for bug patch.

Xypron <xypron.glpk@gmx.de> for contribution and testing batch scripts
to build Glpk with MS Visual Studio 2010.

Xypron <xypron.glpk@gmx.de> for improving the SQL table driver.

Xypron <xypron.glpk@gmx.de> for testing GLPK on 64-bit platforms and
for maintaining Windows versions of the package.

Yuri Victorovich <yuri@gjt.org> for contribution of GLPK Java binding.
