.TH libglpk-java 3 "February 16th, 2018" "version 1.12.0" "libglpk-java overview"
.SH NAME
libglpk-java \- GNU Linear Programming Kit Java Binding
.SH DESCRIPTION
The GNU Linear Programming Kit (GLPK) package supplies a solver for
large scale linear programming (LP) and mixed integer programming (MIP).
The GLPK project is hosted at http://www.gnu.org/software/glpk.
.PP
It has two mailing lists:
.nf
- help-glpk@gnu.org and
- bug-glpk@gnu.org.
.fi
.PP
To subscribe to one of these lists, please, send an empty mail with a
Subject: header line of just "subscribe" to the list.
.PP
GLPK provides a library written in C and a standalone solver.
The source code provided at ftp://gnu.ftp.org/gnu/glpk/ contains the
documentation of the library in file doc/glpk.pdf.
.PP
The Java platform provides the Java Native Interface (JNI) to integrate
non-Java language libraries into Java applications.
.PP
Project GLPK for Java delivers a Java Binding for GLPK. It is hosted at
http://glpk-java.sourceforge.net/.
.PP
To report problems and suggestions concerning GLPK for Java, please, send
an email to the author at xypron.glpk@gmx.de.
.SH ARCHITECTURE
A GLPK for Java application will consist of the following
.nf
- the GLPK library
- the GLPK for Java JNI library
- the GLPK for Java class library
- the application code.
.fi
.SH GLPK LIBRARY
The GLPK library can be compiled from source code. Follow the instructions
in file INSTALL provided in the source distribution. Precompiled
packages are available in many Linux distributions.
.PP
The usual installation path for the library is /usr/local/lib/libglpk.so.
The library has to be in the search path for binaries.
.SH GLPK FOR JAVA JNI LIBRARY
The GLPK for Java JNI library can be compiled from source code. Follow
the instructions in file INSTALL provided in the source distribution.
.PP
The usual installation path for the library is
/usr/local/lib/jni/libglpk-java.so.
The library has to be in the search path for binaries. Specify the
library path upon invocation of the application, e.g.
.nf
java -Djava.library.path=/usr/local/lib/jni
.fi

.SH GLPK FOR JAVA CLASS LIBRARY
The source code to compile the GLPK for Java class library is provided at
http://glpk-java.sourceforge.net.
.PP
The GLPK for Java class library can be compiled from source code. Follow
the instructions in file INSTALL provided in the source distribution.
The usual installation path for the library is 
/usr/local/share/java/glpk-java.jar.
.PP
The library has to be in the CLASSPATH. Specify the classpath upon
invocation of the application, e.g.
.nf
java -classpath /usr/local/share/java/glpk-java.jar;.
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
Further documentation and examples can be found in the documentation
path, which defaults to /usr/local/share/doc/libglpk-java.
